ok. WARM. the only software idea that i've ever had, at least in recent weeks/months -- that i've liked. it's so absolutely beyond incredible and beautiful. so this journal is a reflective
philosophical metacognition, about warm. what is it? what can the user do? what does the user see? what can they not do? what is warm NOT about? how do we prevent bots? how do we make it
fun and engaging for users? and how do we make money without ads and without harvesting / selling data? so first thing's first: what is it? what is warm? well, i want an app where i can 
join and immediately see where other people are and what they are doing. right? i want to see what people are doing yeah? or do i not care? not knowing what's going on might add a bit of
surprise. could be a good thing. if people are just looking to meet people and get out of the house then that could be a good idea. but what about when i'm looking for a dance class? or a 
run club? i would probably never be able to find one just looking at the dots. ok, so would it be so bad if my app did more than one thing? what if we had dots that showed events, and also
a discover tab that showed live, recurring, and upcoming events with the full labels and stuff? users could sort and filter for sure, one thing modern apps for some fucking reason don't
let them do lmao. so ridiculous. ok. so we have a heatmap tab for current events showing the dots. and a discover tab showing actual labeled events. i like that idea. we aren't sticking to
one thing. users can do both -- they can "just" get out of the house, and they can also find clubs and groups. best of both worlds without being bloated. no signup. no phone number or 
email. i don't care about your data. i don't want or need it. do i need anything from the user? yeah, location, right? would it not be useful to give users an idea of how many other users 
are at a particular event? i think that sounds nice in theory. would it perhaps take away from the anonymous, privacy-centric idea? hmmm... first thought says no. you're using the app to 
find others and want others to find you. as long as users are secure in the fact that their data isn't being saved or stored or sold, then they should be fine with it. i know i would be. in
fact i'd be absolutely flabbergasted. and would be intrigued, in awe, in shock, and perhaps in love. i love that idea. i don't want your data -- it's yours. but, while you're using the app,
you must give me your location. and no spoofing -- we aren't using just one method. we're using ip, geo, mac address, you name it. you won't be fooling me buddy. no bots. this is an app
for humans, by humans. ok. so the user can see dots on one tab which represent events. this tab is a map. it shows their location as a "ME" dot or icon. and it shows dots of events. should
these events on this tab have any associated data? like vibe emojis, descriptions, times, addresses, number of attendees? i dont' know. what are the pros and cons? well, pros is it lets the
user filter more. they can find their wine tasting group if that's wht they're looking for, and avoid the city council meeting if they want to. i wonder if there's a way for us to get 
location of phones without them consenting to it, without having the app? i know that sounds preyful but hear me out. an app like this would require some sort of "terminal velocity" or
"critical mass" to be useful, probably. i can't imagine opening the app and seeing no dots would be very fun. so what if i could read radio waves or something to that effect to estimate
locations of people instead of using their locations exactly? or we could do both. get users' exact locations if they have the app and consent. otherwise we can use detection mechanisms
to see where other people are. where is everyone? what are y'all doing?? i love you. and i want to hang out -- i want to be around you. i want to meet new people and connect and grow with
them. that's what this app is for. for meeting people, doing things, getting out of the house, for learning and growing. so would estimating the locations of others be useful for that? hell
yes it would. especially in the early stages. and it would certainly make the app grow organically. people who don't even have the app but are hosting something would be affected by it. 
but wait -- that could totally be seen as a breach of privacy and trust. i don't like the idea of some app i don't care about  knowing where i am, or people i don't know using an app
to find out where i am. that seems scary. ok, true. if they knew that i didn't care about their data would they still care? well, i may not want their data, but strangers can still find
them and that's scary. ok, strangers can find PEOPLE, but they can't find one exact person. that would be impossible. so stalking is not a thing, unless there's a big town with exactly two
people in it -- the stalker and the stalkee. would my app be used by predators? well, what do predators want? they want people who are alone right? or a group of immature kids they can
manipulate and take advantage of? yeah sure. it would not give them the former. but it could i suppose give them the latter. now, i think we should point out that predators are not the only
people that can find other groups, so there may exist some natural protection mechanisms, just by way of lots of people. if lots of people are there, is a predator going to do something? 
oh wait -- what about terrorists? shooters? yes, that's another concern. is there really anything we can do about that? those are horrible, horrible thoughts. and they will exist, 
unfortunately, regardless of the implementation of my app, regardless if it enables them or not. a school exists. move theaters exist. sidewalks exist. and they enable those people too. it's
just the way it is, it's why people like that are so horrid and scary. ok, so heatmap and discover tabs. heatmap has anon dots, discover has labeled events. people come here to meet other 
people. they come here to leave the app, not to spend as much time on it as possible. they open the app and close it 30 seconds later. and their data is gone, boom, just like that. meeting
other people, and the idea of it, gives me a warm fuzzy feeling on the inside. like when people laugh at my jokes, or they tease me, and i feel loved and warm and fuzzy and included. and 
seen. and heard. it's amazing. and i want that, i want more of that. i want to be able to actively seek out and find that, easily. and i want others to be able to find that too. it should
not be hard to find out what other people are doing. facebook, meetup.com, eventbrite, like bruh these are all terrible. 2 events, corporate spam, a bunch of stuff i don't care about. 
where are you??? what are you doing?? i love you and i want to meet you. and i want it to be easy, beautiful, and free.  
